Hello flag the monetary in this video the as Rome
Colt rate
carbohydrates
Year 10 special foods the
make sure you have enough energy
The important thing many people do not know about carbohydrates is not they vital
can even live without cabbage
The always strength sports area and especially banks build muscle
Anyone who definitely recommends eating enough carbohydrates
There are two different groups in coal there is once the
long-chain carbohydrates and the artful charcoal Trotta
It is important to know that these are 2 different ones
Kohler dpa 78
and they each have different advantages
while blank Adiga coal traders look like
Noodles from rice or from potatoes oatmeal as are different types
of long-chain
Coal kicked
the utilities for a long time with energy
especially from sports or
as a lunch
Use Cannoli to have enough energy within a few hours
or to have the training from a rich house and there's short-chain
carbohydrates
because contrary to the example chocolate sweets sugar
so
especially the things
in processes period
Give Phil Power if, for example, Cross Sport should do it now, you know
Are you too Kurt feels too full of face
and so is, for example
yes also a Mars Roland Sackers best note that in Herten short time
get energy again
and so it is the effect
from these two different coal came and these two different cabbages
One is also today
use different
that means that for example Kurzke thick coal Trotta
Bite should take time and long-chained Cultra then bitten times
if only one thing has stopped then is a person
as well as gaining weight quite easily too
then I recommend you for example in the evening
respectively
an hour or
Immediately before take-off no coal wire will take any more
long-chain yet short Koenig icon Trade
for now go
yes Reinhard Cannabis as a person who
Unbelievable difficulties are gaining weight
then I can definitely recommend
Just before bedtime, long-chain carbohydrates are increasing in the evening
or you can do it
come to Rome without a list box
You can use that around
reinforced again
to profit from the trend
but I do not want to exaggerate
on the one hand worthy of cannabis
In the evening reduce as much as possible that does not attach too much fat
Colt rates can lead to it so easy
yes, that's why I sometimes do not want to overdo it with fat
When process chain is the basic question is good is immediate
and after training in then you can do it very well
especially after training
Yes if
physically is special
Hormones are lying down
shake off through the crown and carry through a cabbage ride
you can get it through the insulin
build better muscle but this special effects it especially after the
Training thought
You can use it before training just to get more power at the end of March
just feels a little tired
So use short-chain carbohydrates
long-chain carbohydrates in thale i you
as a breakfast
at lunchtime
afternoon
or as an evening meal
while it may be easier to use
to have enough energy to the number sufficient power
then there is something very important what is here
yes also just wants to say and while there serve as a source you can share
Index became
especially cheaper for animals
around 20 times there
the insulin secretion
the higher the insulin distribution in scene
the more
Sugars start to get shot in the bloodstream and it has pros and cons
if, for example, it is up to the principle yes
good that you picture with as possible
Kohl came to him
So Gluten Stilmix can have it
on the internet, look under for chemical index
Yakult Rades are good for taking after training or you can even
no power measured by weak
Gruhl enter
low wise celestial index I can recommend you then
yes, if I, for example
noon or walk
What food we subjectively need as a good thing
and they last for several hours
the disadvantage with
Coal was a mockery
from Kenshin next episodes and secondly one
Kik watch for the highly toxic and once
Tour Aircooled Council is a
ONP wisely standing next, the relatively fast down again
and so was the setting one before
remember at noon
or even in the afternoon if it's something sweet, for example
because until relatively quickly get tired again yes
that is the effect
and therefore you also know these fast food chains the hamburger is the
Corn is white with products I mix a heart very high Flouquet index
will you
first
"When I'm tired at lunch things
and also up to now, cravings seem to get so you can
Whole menu food what still hungry it is not a coincidence but
It is for the reason that there are usually mild white flour scenes and everything
I would have to have a mix of styles and make sure you're easy
tired and tired
by false reasons, therefore, stepped
I can do that for you
not to mention that fast food Inc Raymond of course no single
as a relative hated to who it is okay but also wholegrain bread has one
lower Flouquet mix index and
this effect is reduced or completely reduced so you are
no longer so tired what a lot of hunger and especially people the software
Of course, that's it
yes you might want to lose weight
Price alone important
to watch for whole grains
I really hope to have the clouds in this video
if you want to take a look at my free muscle gain you can be here
on Natural - Bodybuilder points Eakin
or if you have the regular videos
on youtube it is possible to click on the pack and click Apulia
and with that it comes for each new video of me
I wish you much success your Florio Simone Rethel